---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "together_beta_cluster Resource - Together"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# together_beta_cluster (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "together_beta_cluster" "example_beta_cluster" {
  cluster_name = "cluster_name"
  cuda_version = "cuda_version"
  gpu_type = "H100_SXM"
  num_gpus = 0
  nvidia_driver_version = "nvidia_driver_version"
  region = "region"
  auto_scale_max_gpus = 0
  auto_scaled = true
  capacity_pool_id = "capacity_pool_id"
  cluster_type = "KUBERNETES"
  gpu_node_failover_enabled = true
  install_traefik = true
  reservation_end_time = "2019-12-27T18:11:19.117Z"
  reservation_start_time = "2019-12-27T18:11:19.117Z"
  slurm_image = "slurm_image"
  slurm_shm_size_gib = 0
  volume_id = "volume_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the GPU cluster.
- `cuda_version` (String) CUDA version for this cluster. For example, 12.5
- `gpu_type` (String) Type of GPU to use in the cluster
Available values: "H100_SXM", "H200_SXM", "RTX_6000_PCI", "L40_PCIE", "B200_SXM", "H100_SXM_INF".
- `num_gpus` (Number) Number of GPUs to allocate in the cluster. This must be multiple of 8. For example, 8, 16 or 24
- `nvidia_driver_version` (String) Nvidia driver version for this cluster. For example, 550. Only some combination of cuda_version and nvidia_driver_version are supported.
- `region` (String) Region to create the GPU cluster in. Usable regions can be found from `client.clusters.list_regions()`

### Optional

- `auto_scale_max_gpus` (Number) Maximum number of GPUs to which the cluster can be auto-scaled up. This field is required if auto_scaled is true.
- `auto_scaled` (Boolean) Whether GPU cluster should be auto-scaled based on the workload. By default, it is not auto-scaled.
- `capacity_pool_id` (String) ID of the capacity pool to use for the cluster. This field is optional and only applicable if the cluster is created from a capacity pool.
- `cluster_type` (String) Type of cluster to create.
Available values: "KUBERNETES", "SLURM".
- `gpu_node_failover_enabled` (Boolean) Whether automated GPU node failover should be enabled for this cluster. By default, it is disabled.
- `install_traefik` (Boolean) Whether to install Traefik ingress controller in the cluster. This field is only applicable for Kubernetes clusters and is false by default.
- `reservation_end_time` (String) Reservation end time of the cluster. This field is required for SCHEDULED billing to specify the reservation end time for the cluster.
- `reservation_start_time` (String) Reservation start time of the cluster. This field is required for SCHEDULED billing to specify the reservation start time for the cluster. If not provided, the cluster provisions immediately.
- `slurm_image` (String) Custom Slurm image for Slurm clusters.
- `slurm_shm_size_gib` (Number) Shared memory size in GiB for Slurm cluster. This field is required if cluster_type is SLURM.
- `volume_id` (String) ID of an existing volume to use with the cluster creation.

### Read-Only

- `cluster_id` (String)
- `control_plane_nodes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_plane_nodes))
- `created_at` (String)
- `duration_hours` (Number)
- `gpu_worker_nodes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gpu_worker_nodes))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kube_config` (String)
- `status` (String) Current status of the GPU cluster.
Available values: "WaitingForControlPlaneNodes", "WaitingForDataPlaneNodes", "WaitingForSubnet", "WaitingForSharedVolume", "InstallingDrivers", "RunningAcceptanceTests", "Paused", "OnDemandComputePaused", "Ready", "Degraded", "Deleting".
- `volumes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--control_plane_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_plane_nodes`

Read-Only:

- `host_name` (String)
- `memory_gib` (Number)
- `network` (String)
- `node_id` (String)
- `node_name` (String)
- `num_cpu_cores` (Number)
- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--gpu_worker_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gpu_worker_nodes`

Read-Only:

- `host_name` (String)
- `instance_id` (String)
- `memory_gib` (Number)
- `networks` (List of String)
- `node_id` (String)
- `node_name` (String)
- `num_cpu_cores` (Number)
- `num_gpus` (Number)
- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes`

Read-Only:

- `size_tib` (Number)
- `status` (String)
- `volume_id` (String)
- `volume_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import together_beta_cluster.example '<cluster_id>'
```
